Add exception to A5a (#1109)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

        - A4d3) If a stopwatch is in use, the judge starts the stopwatch as soon as the competitor starts the solve.
    - A4e) Time penalties for starting the solve are cumulative.
- A5) During the solve:

>     - A5a) While inspecting or solving the puzzle, the competitor should not communicate with anyone other than the judge or the WCA Delegate. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF).

Author: ```suggestion
    - A5a) While inspecting or solving the puzzle, the competitor must not communicate with anyone other than the judge or the WCA Delegate. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: If the competitor does not gain an advantage by communicating with anyone other than the judge or the WCA Delegate, the result may stand, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate. 
```

Other possible wordings:

- Exception: If this conversation was not initiated by the competitor, the result may stand, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
